Use base classes for AWS Lambda Operators/Sensors (#34890)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow-providers-amazon/operators/lambda.rst

      urllib3.exceptions.ReadTimeoutError: AWSHTTPSConnectionPool(host='lambda.us-east-1.amazonaws.com', port=443): Read timed out. (read timeout=60)

>     If you encounter this issue, you need to provide `botocore.config.Config <https://botocore.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/reference/config.html>`__
>     for use long connections with timeout or keep-alive settings
> 
>     By provide **botocore_config** as operator parameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you encounter this issue, you need to provide `botocore.config.Config <https://botocore.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/reference/config.html>`__
    to use long connections with timeout or keep-alive settings.

    By providing **botocore_config** as an operator parameter
```
